Create producer span from spring integration instrumentation (#4932)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation: instrumentation/spring/README.md

| System property | Type | Default | Description |
|---|---|---|---|
| `otel.instrumentation.spring-integration.global-channel-interceptor-patterns` | List | `*` | An array of Spring channel name patterns that will be intercepted. See [Spring Integration docs](https://docs.spring.io/spring-integration/reference/html/channel.html#global-channel-configuration-interceptors) for more details. |

> | `otel.instrumentation.spring-integration.producer.enabled` | Boolean | `false` | Create producer span in spring integration instrumentation when message is written into an output channel. Detecting output channels works only for [Spring Cloud Stream](https://spring.io/projects/spring-cloud-stream) `DirectWithAttributesChannel`. Use this flag only when you are using a messaging library that does not have instrumentation to create producer spans. |

Reviewer: CC @theletterf

> | `otel.instrumentation.spring-integration.producer.enabled` | Boolean | `false` | Create producer span in spring integration instrumentation when message is written into an output channel. Detecting output channels works only for [Spring Cloud Stream](https://spring.io/projects/spring-cloud-stream) `DirectWithAttributesChannel`. Use this flag only when you are using a messaging library that does not have instrumentation to create producer spans. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `otel.instrumentation.spring-integration.producer.enabled` | Boolean | `false` | Create producer spans when  messages are sent to an output channel. Enable when you're using a messaging library that doesn't have its own instrumentation for generating producer spans. Note that the detection of output channels only works for [Spring Cloud Stream](https://spring.io/projects/spring-cloud-stream) `DirectWithAttributesChannel`.  |
```
